#1
fondly：
	Most are fondly remembered.
plaque:
	The chimpanzee is buried with a proper plaque at the International Space Hall Of Fame in New Mexico.
statue:
	He's heading an effort to fund a statue for Felicette-the first cat in space.
strut:
	Felicette brielfy strutted into headline when she took her short flight in 1963.
intensively:
	Felicette was chosen from a group of 14 intensively space-trained cats.
demeanor, sleek, physique:
	It was either her calm demeanor or sleek physique that made her the winner.
parachuted:
	She parachuted back down in a capsule.
supposedly:
	She was supposedly sacrificed for study of her brain.
eligible:
	Donators are eligible for small prizes such as postcards and tote bags.

#2
maws, lunge, engulf:
	Baleen whales feed by opening their gigantic maws, lunging forward in the water and engulfing gallons of seawater in their mouths.
critter, krill:
	They strain the seawater back through their baleen plates, trapping vast numbers of tiny critters-fish,krill and others-that then get swallowed all at once.
rorqual:
	The species that share this method include what are called the rorqual whales, which include fin whales, sei whales, blue whales and humpback whales.
expel:
	They simply open their mouths at the surface and let the seawater flow in, before straining and expelling the seawater through their baleen as usual.
tread, undulate:
	The researchers called it tread-water feeding because of the way the whales gently undulate their tails to keep their heads near the surface of the water.
bob:
	Tread-water feeding is more energy-efficient than lunge-feeding, since the whales just have to bob their heads near the surface.
gulf, hypoxic, dissolve, sewage:
	the upper Gulf of Thailand is hypoxic-there's a serious lack of oxygen dissolved in the water, thanks mostly to sewage that flows into the sea from nearby rivers.
improvise:
	Which means that these whales apparently improvised an improved strategy for survival in their polluted habitat.
calf:
	Iwata wrote in an e-mail that his team witnessed tread-water feeding most often in adult-calf pairs.

#3
algorithm:
	But flies tag incoming odors differently from the way modern search algorithms parse similarity.
neuron:
	A small group of neurons makes an initial evaluation of the smell.
tweak:
	So Navlakha and his colleagues tweaked computer similarity  search functions to do it fly style.
pit
	And then pitted the fly-inspired algorithms against conventional ones.
endow:
	Navlakha says he and his team are looking to partner with tech companies now, in hopes of endowing machines with the time-tested problem-solving abilities of the brain.

#4
postdoctoral
	Trevor Murray, a postdoctoral researcher at the Australian National University.
playback， straightaway
	So they did some playbacks and they could show quite strongly that if you play back these sounds to other birds, they flee straightaway.























